---
published: false
---
## 6 Jun - 12 Jun

### What did you do this past week?
Largely I spent this past week attempting to reconcile my work schedule with summer classes. I worked on the first project, including exploring some of the required or recommended tools. I created this blog


### What's in your way?
Work and professional commitments. I work Saturday and Sunday for one job and the swap to a completely different position Monday through Friday (when not in class). I also have commitments to a city board that has recently expanded due to membership changes in addition to commitments to professional organizations. 



### What will you do next week?
I will try my best to leave work earlier to avoid being dragged into drawn out meetings or work preventing me from making it to class on time. I will endeavor to keep up with readings from the assigned course texts. I will work to finish the project on time.


### Experience
I appreciate the structure to this course and look forward to seeing how it plays out for the duration of the nine-weeks. Though I feel I prefer the layout and functionality of Piazza's discussions I certainly understand the attempt to centralize everything to canvas and minimize separate dependent applications and informations sources.

The dynamic lecture format has been interesting: I was orignially somewhat anxious with the suddeness of being called upon; however, the professor has been very supportive, even when someone provides incorrect answers, instead of demeaning them. 



